Typo and grammar fixes (#5553)
magento/devdocs: community/resources/support.md

menu_node: parent
---

> If you have issues, receive error messages, or need additional How To's, see our [Magento Support Knowledge Base](https://support.magento.com). The knowledge base includes a growing amount of troubleshooting, how to, and FAQ articles for Magento 2 Commerce, Commerce (Cloud), and Open Source. We are constantly adding new content for Magento platform, services, modules, and much more.

Reviewer: Good idea. How about a little more fixes...

```suggestion
If you have issues, receive error messages, or need additional How To content, see our [Magento Support Knowledge Base](https://support.magento.com). The knowledge base includes a growing collection of troubleshooting, how-to, and FAQ articles for the Magento 2 Commerce, Commerce Cloud, and Open Source products. We continually add new content for Magento platform, services, modules, and much more.
```

Author: Perfect!
